Major League Baseball All-Century Team In 1999, the Major League Baseball All-Century Team was chosen by popular vote of fans. To select the team, a panel of experts first compiled a list of the 100 greatest Major League Baseball players from the past century. Over two million fans then voted on the players using paper and online ballots. The top two vote-getters from each position, except outfielders (nine), and the top six pitchers were placed on the team. A select panel then added five legends to create a thirty-man team:—Warren Spahn (who finished #10 among pitchers), Christy Mathewson (#14 among pitchers), Lefty Grove (#18 among pitchers), Honus Wagner (#4 among shortstops), and Stan Musial (#11 among outfielders). The nominees for the All-Century team were presented at the 1999 All-Star Game at Fenway Park. Preceding Game 2 of the 1999 World Series, the members of the All-Century Team were revealed. Every living player named to the team attended. For the complete list of the 100 players nominated, see The MLB All-Century Team. Selected players Pete Rose controversy There was controversy over the inclusion in the All-Century Team of Pete Rose, who had been banned from baseball for life 10 years earlier. Some questioned Rose's presence on a team officially endorsed by Major League Baseball, but fans at the stadium gave him a standing ovation. During the on-field ceremony, which was emceed by Hall of Fame broadcaster Vin Scully, NBC Sports' Jim Gray questioned Rose about his refusal to admit to gambling on baseball. Gray's interview became controversial, with some arguing that it was good journalism, while others objected that the occasion was an inappropriate setting for Gray's persistence. After initially refusing to do so, Gray apologized a few days later. On January 8, 2004, more than four years later, Rose admitted publicly to betting on baseball games in his autobiography My Prison Without Bars. See also Major League Baseball All-Time Team, a similar team chosen by the Baseball Writers' Association of America in Latino Legends Team DHL Hometown Heroes (2006): the most outstanding player in the history of each MLB franchise, based on on-field performance, leadership quality and character value List of MLB awards Team of the century National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum References External links All-Century Team Vote Totals from ESPN.com All-Century Team DVD from Amazon.com All-Century Team Information from Baseball Almanac Category:1999 Major League Baseball season Category:Major League Baseball trophies and awards Category:History of Major League Baseball Category:Awards established in 1999
2017 XIXO Ladies Open Hódmezővásárhely – Doubles Laura Pigossi and Nadia Podoroska were the defending champions, but both players chose not to participate. Kotomi Takahata and Prarthana Thombare won the title after Ulrikke Eikeri and Tereza Mrdeža retired in the final at 1–0. Seeds Draw References Main Draw XIXO Ladies Open Hódmezővásárhely - Doubles
Michele Orecchia Michele Orecchia (26 December 1903 – 11 December 1981) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer, who won one stage in the 1932 Tour de France. He also competed in the individual and team road race events at the 1928 Summer Olympics. Major results 1927 Giro del Sestriere 1929 Giro d'Italia: 9th place overall classification 1932 Tour de France: Winner stage 8 References External links Official Tour de France results for Michele Orecchia Category:1903 births Category:1981 deaths Category:Italian male cyclists Category:Italian Tour de France stage winners Category:Sportspeople from Marseille Category:Olympic cyclists of Italy Category:Cyclists at the 1928 Summer Olympics Category:Tour de France cyclists Category:French male cyclists
Stefan Priebe Stefan Priebe is a psychologist and psychiatrist of German and British nationality. He grew up in West-Berlin, studied in Hamburg, and was Head of the Department of Social Psychiatry at the Free University Berlin until 1997. He is Professor of Social and Community Psychiatry at Queen Mary, University of London, and Director of a World Health Organization collaborating centre, the only one specifically for Mental Health Services Development. He heads a research group in social psychiatry and has published more than 600 peer-reviewed scientific papers. References External links Category:1953 births Category:Living people Category:Place of birth missing (living people) Category:German psychologists Category:German psychiatrists Category:British psychologists Category:British psychiatrists Category:Free University of Berlin faculty Category:Academics of Queen Mary University of London Category:People from Berlin
Molly Henderson Molly Henderson (born September 14, 1953) is a former Commissioner of Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. The Commissioners are the chief executive and legislative officials of the County, which has 500,000 residents spread over and an annual County budget of $300 million. Henderson was elected in 2003 to a four-year term and was the lone Democrat on the Board of Commissioners in a County where Republicans outnumber Democrats two to one. Henderson was previously Head of Public Health for the City of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, the County seat. Henderson was not re-elected as Lancaster County Commissioner on November 7, 2007. Henderson was succeeded by Craig Lehman as the minority Commissioner. Other careers She is a former high school and college teacher, holding a doctorate degree from Temple University, a master's degree from West Chester University and her B.S. from James Madison University. Henderson is also a Respiratory Therapist and worked at Lancaster General Hospital prior to her teaching and government careers. Henderson’s book Pressed: Public Money, Private Profit - A Cautionary Tale tells the story of the development, building, and financing of the Lancaster County Convention Center and Marriott Hotel in downtown Lancaster. The highly controversial “convention center project,” as it was known to those in Lancaster County (pop. 510,000), was originally proposed in 1999 as a $75 million “public-private” partnership. The project included a publicly-owned convention center ($30 million) and a privately-owned hotel ($45 million). By the time the convention center and hotel opened in 2009, the project’s cost had ballooned to more than $170 million, with more than 90% of the total cost of both the convention center and hotel borne by Pennsylvania taxpayers. Political views Henderson is a notable opponent of the Lancaster County Convention Center Authority's controversial $170 million hotel/convention center in downtown Lancaster on the site of the former Watt & Shand building. The project's supporters believe it would promote the revitalization of the city's center. Its opponents, however, feel it poses an unacceptable risk to taxpayers. The hotel portion of the project is owned 50% by Lancaster Newspapers, Inc. which have been accused of using their monopoly print position in the County to promote the project and stifle opposition. Henderson has been referenced in more than 2,200 newspaper articles, over 700 of which concern the Lancaster County Convention Center project, many of them attacking her position. Personal life Henderson is married to Alex Henderson and has two children, Alexander "Ander" Henderson and Leslie Henderson. See also Lancaster County Lancaster City Lancaster Newspapers References External links Official Lancaster County Site Campaign Site Category:1953 births Category:Living people Category:County commissioners in Pennsylvania Category:Temple University alumni Category:Politicians from Lancaster, Pennsylvania Category:People from Cumberland, Maryland Category:West Chester University alumni Category:James Madison University alumni Category:Women in Pennsylvania politics Category:Pennsylvania Democrats
Vasa, Minnesota Vasa is an unincorporated community in Vasa Township, Goodhue County, Minnesota, United States. The community is nine miles east of Cannon Falls at the junction of State Highway 19 (MN 19) and County 7 Boulevard. It is within ZIP code 55089 based in Welch. Nearby places include Cannon Falls, Red Wing, Welch, and White Rock. Vasa is 12 miles west-southwest of Red Wing. References Category:Unincorporated communities in Minnesota Category:Unincorporated communities in Goodhue County, Minnesota
Rakestraw Rakestraw is a surname. Notable people with the surname include: Larry Rakestraw (born 1942), American football player Paulette Rakestraw (born 1967), American politician from the state of Georgia Wilbur Rakestraw (1928–2014), American racing driver W. Vincent Rakestraw (born 1940), Former Assistant Attorney General of the United States, Former Special Assistant to the Ambassador of India See also Rakestraw House, a historic home located near Garrett in Keyser Township, DeKalb County, Indiana. Category:English-language surnames
Udzungwa red colobus The Uzungwa red colobus (Piliocolobus gordonorum), also known as the Udzungwa red colobus or Iringa red colobus, is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae. It is endemic to riverine and montane forest in the Udzungwa Mountains in Tanzania. It is threatened by habitat loss. References Uzungwa red colobus Category:Endemic fauna of Tanzania Category:Mammals of Tanzania Category:Endangered fauna of Africa Uzungwa red colobus Category:Taxonomy articles created by Polbot Category:Primates of Africa
